you know, as a parent, you see a lot of different styles bleed over into,
you know, even parenting your Children. Sometimes I think you have
to watch out to not treat your Children like they're your subordinates
and understand that they're just kids. But it also gives you a
skill set of supervision and maybe, uh, staying on top of things and
not letting things get too far down. And and I don't think there's
anything wrong with having high expectations for your family, and I
think it makes you a stronger unit. But just to really understand that
they're your kids, they're not your subordinates and to really be
able to separate those two when you're dealing with them.